If an article isn't published we're not displaying it showing it as not found.
We also need to only show published articles here on the index page.
In the index page we're using the get page method of the article class to get the data.
Let's do the same thing we just did to the get with categories method and add a WHERE clause to restrict
the article records to those that have been published only.
First let's add an argument to the method with a default are false.
In this query we have a sub query that selecting the data from the article table which were then joining
to the category table via the article category join table.
If we put the we're class at the end of this statement then we'll break the pagination as the limit
and offset clauses we're using are on the sub query.
So we need to put the where condition in here in the sub query so be for the esky Well let's create
a variable containing the weather class.
We can then insert this condition directly into the esky well by inserting the variable like that.
We only want this condition though if the argument is true.
So we'll use the ternary operator.
To return the condition string.
If the argument is true and an empty string.
Otherwise.
Then in the method call in the index page we passed true as the third argument.
Now in the index page only those articles that are published are displayed in the Adam index however
which uses the same get page method.
All the articles are shown as before.
The pagination still works showing 4 articles per page but there is a problem now that the next link
is still shown on the last page.
This is because the paginate is calculating the number of pages based on the total number returned by
the get total method.
However this method returns the total number of records regardless of whether they're published or not.
So we need to do the same to this method as we did with the Get page method first add an optional argument
to restrict to published articles only.
Then we'll add the same condition string variable and insert this into the ASCII well making sure we
change the single quotes to double quotes so that the variable interpolation works.
Then when we call the get total method we passing true as the second argument.
Now when we go to the last page the next link is disabled as it was originally.